Omggg I didn't make the connection that you were the same jacob
This all makes much more sense

Lolllll
No I just have a supernatural sense that lets me know when people are trying to go climbing

HAHA

ok so actually my friend who's going with us pointed out that it would be faster to just take a bus instead of taking the metro first
but it's at a different stop
are you still at studenterhuset?
Yo Julia I know it's short notice but do you wanna climb tonight?
Probably gonna go with Allie

What time?
I have class from 4:30-6 or 7

Ah I think we were gonna head over around 5
4:30-7?? What kind of hell class is this
Omgggg
It's my textile design class
That's ok I'll probably go tomorrow

Sorry !
We'll try and plan it out more in advance next time

Word. :^) enjoyyy
what was lab like on friday?

No unity stuff. We analyzed some games using the stuff in the textbook
How was Sweden?

Ok that sounds fun
It was a TIME. The Swedes are wacky. Stockholm is such a cool city!! Much more extensive and hilly than cope
How did your shindig go?

Ahaha sounds like a fun weekend
The party was terrible lol nobody came. Ended up going drinking wtih Kristian instead and got hammered and spent all of today super hung over

NOOO I'm so sorry dude
I'd love to see your place and meet the roomie sometime
Also word @ being hungover. So ready to be back in my own bed

Haha yeah at this point it's mostly just funny how bad it was. Definitely the worst party I've ever tried to throw
Terrible hangover too I didn't get out of bed till 5

I'm most likely climbing tomorrow with a few people--want me to keep you in mind when making plans?
No pressure, just lmkkkk

Sure! Early in the day works better for me cause I got stuff going on later but no worries if that doesn't work out

We'll probably be climbing by 12:30. idk what counts as early for you haha

No I think that should work great!
I'll see you then!

Yahoo I'll let you know if anything changes!
Just text or knock if you want to adventure :)

You tryna go out tonight??

I could be convinced, ya know?

Lets do it

HELL YEAAAAH

Donde estas

Room 221. I need like 10 min tho
I can knock on your door

Sounds good

Alright is it worth the 10 min it would take to get back
Are people staying?

We got cocktails so we'll be here for a bit!
No real dancing happening tho

Ok word
I'm going to sleep then. Hope y'all have a good time!!

See you tomorrow!!
hey julia!
how are you?

Wow so formal
I've had a DAY because apparently 9A changes it's route on Sunday so it took me an extra hour to get to blocs and walls
But the plus side was that I found myself on the water bus??? Like a boat to get to reffen?? So that was cool lmao

i couldn't think of a good way to start a conversation !!
and now i'm already regretting it
lol
how was the water bus? is it like those fancy tour boats?

Omgggggg it's fine I forgive you
The bus was a little touristy but i think it's also just like.....another bus...on the water
And I just....stumbled upon it
Did you get some sleep

wow what an exciting public transit experience!
i got lost of sleep but still recovering
my body is not happy w me
i'm being v lazy today to try to appease it

Goooooood
What's your go to lazy activity

uh so far today it's been a mix of making a playlist and scrolling through netflix without actually watching anything
v therapeutic but now that i type it out i feel bad about myself

No that's sounds ideal
All the playlists I make attempt to describe very specific feelings and then end up being 5 songs long

ahaha i've definitely run into that problem before, but i've managed to make some good ones
yo are you doing anything on tuesday afternoon or evening? i was thinking about going to tivoli

I'm so down
Let's do it
I don't have anything after lab sooooo I'm flexible with time lmao

ok awesome! i also don't have anything after lab
tuesday's supposed to have pretty good weather so it should be a good day for it

Word
Let's tentatively say early eve so we have the afternoon to be productive

haha ok
such a good student !

What can I say?
I mean I'm also mad flexible so if you wanna go earlier I'm also fine w that

nono it's fine i don't really have a preference
totally unrelated but you don't have anything planned during the first travel week yet right?
just realized that the trip i signed up for is only for the first half of the week so i have like an extra four days to play with

Oh shiiiit
Travel with me!!
Izzy and I are brainstorming our camping trip but I'm imagining that'll be mon-wed or something

haha not gonna camp for 7 days straight??
the DIS trip ends in prague so I was thinking of just staying there for an extra day, then maybe hitting some collection of Budapest/Vienna/Amsterdam/Warsaw
probably like max two out of those 4
tryna get back on Saturday night to have some recovery time

Ok well I'm super interested in Prague and Budapest
What day does your Czech trip end?

pretty sure it ends on the 9th (tuesday) but i have to double check with someone from DIS on specific dates
the last day of the trip (and maybe the last night too?) are all in Prague, and then I was thinking of maybe spending 1 more day there
so either leaving tuesday or wednesday
ok looking at it a bit my tentative idea is:
arrive in prague with dis trip on monday or tuesday
bus to vienna on tuesday or wednesday
bus to budapest on thursday or friday
fly back to copenhagen saturday night
dates depend on what i learn about this dis trip, but i want two days each in prague and budapest and probably just 1 in vienna

Ok dope keep me updated
wait there's no way your hiking trip is that short though

We leave Friday night and are supposed to get back on Wednesday
But I think if I skip the bus ride home I'll be free in Prague on Tuesday night

ahh makes sense
because i'm absolutely fickle, would you actually want to do tivoli right after lab?

Haha sure!
I still have no plans for the rest of the day

fantastic

Just so excited to go on those rides huh

the impetus for the change is that i'm trying to fit in seeing a friend who i haven't hung out with in 2 weeks
but also i want to prioritize you, so i just want to feel out the options :^)

I'm totally fine going earlier in the day!
Not gonna be a dick and say you can't hang out with your friend

HAHA
nah but my point is that if you had different ideas for your ideal hang out (date?) than i'm open to them

I think it's better to be flexible than stress out over having like the """ideal""" date yknow?
Like as long as we have a good time I'll be happy

Ok cool. Then let's do afternoon and see what happens haha
And dw, I plan on us having a good time
